Upload the DGX hackathon document to the current repo (#2)
Sydney-Informatics-Hub/dgx-cluster-onboarding-guide: notebooks/04_projects.md

# How to Manage Projects
:::{.callout-note}

> THIS SECTION IS PENDING ON THE SYDNEY ICT IDENTITY TEAM TO CONFIRM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
THIS SECTION IS PENDING ON  DUE TO ONGOING DEVELOPMENT RELATED TO USER AUTHENTICATION BY THE USYD ICT IDENTITY TEAM.
```
